Planned for next major version:
Add situational effects:
	reflective rain puddles
	water foam
	end portal (& gateway) effects
Make most (all that can) settings be relative to style value
Update documentation
Make sure all vanilla effects work
Separate depth sunrays and vol sunrays settings



New pipeline:

composite pass 1: (half res * 2)
atmospheric fog amount (writes to intermediates texture a)
bloom filtering (writes to the intermediates texture rgb)
sunrays processing (writes to the intermediates texture rg w/ temporal filtering)
clouds processing (writes to the intermediates texture ba w/ temporal filtering)

composite pass 2: (half res)
bloom processing (writes to the intermediates2 texture w/ temporal filtering)

composite pass 3:
add sunrays, clouds, and bloom (all sampling from the intermediates and intermediates2 textures)

composite pass 4:
reflections

composite pass 5:
TAA
DOF
motion blur

composite pass 6:
final post-processing (color correction, etc)



Other planned:
Test replacing all `1-(1-x)(1-x)` with `x(2-x)`
Try out 'alphatest.program' and 'blend.program' (in shader.properties, see photon for good examples)
turn betterNightVision into a uniform?
Add generalized volumetrics?
Make reflections (especially on water) noticeable at night
Increase waviness of plant tops
Add setting `Light Mixing: Artistic / Realistic`?
Check if SUNRAYS_FLICKERING_FIX is still needed
Check gamma correction stuff again to make sure it makes sense
Add a scary style?
Maybe add smaa from https://github.com/Luracasmus/smaa-mc
Rework outline detection to use normals instead of depth?
World curvature settings?
Add water caustics?
Improve TAA on moving entities
Add documentation for super secret settings
Add ripples to rain reflections
Add void fog option?
Add shader seasons?
Make reflections work with isometric rendering
Move advanced options to 'advanced options' menus?
Exclude sun, moon, and sunrays based on horizon multiplier
Do a round of adding debug settings
Do a round of adding more ways to get to options (e.g. access to light brightnesses from the 'shading' menu)
Fix ssao causing desaturation on sand?
Test glsl optimizer (https://github.com/aras-p/glsl-optimizer)
Find a way to stop sugar cane base from waving?
Determine performance costs



Ongoing / continuous:
OPTIMIZE (see shader assembly?)
Update documentation
Keep the shader simple!
Cut down on the number of options
Add more values to options (to an extent)
Add more comments to options
Make sure all styles look good in:
	day
	night
	sunset
	sunrise
	underwater
	nether
	end
	caves
	rain
